README.md, before:

# Clipeus

Clipboard cleaner.

[<img
     src="https://fdroid.gitlab.io/artwork/badge/get-it-on.png"
     alt="Get it on F-Droid"
     height="80">](https://f-droid.org/packages/me.lucky.clipeus/)
[<img
      src="https://play.google.com/intl/en_us/badges/images/generic/en-play-badge.png"
      alt="Get it on Google Play"
      height="80">](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=me.lucky.clipeus)

<img 
     src="fastlane/metadata/android/en-US/images/phoneScreenshots/1.png" 
     width="30%" 
     height="30%">

Tiny app to clean clipboard.

No UI. Click on the app icon to clean clipboard. 
Also you can grant device & app notifications permission to clean clipboard automatically on 
screen off event (long tap on the app icon).

## Permissions

* NOTIFICATION_LISTENER - receive screen off events (optional)

## Related

* [ClipboardCleaner](https://github.com/DeweyReed/ClipboardCleaner)
* [ClipeusX](https://github.com/x13a/ClipeusX)
* [MemoryGuardian](https://github.com/hashemi-hossein/memory-guardian)

## Localization

[<img
height="51"
src="https://badges.crowdin.net/badge/dark/crowdin-on-light@2x.png"
alt="Crowdin">](https://crowdin.com/project/me-lucky-clipeus)

## License

[![GNU GPLv3 Image](https://www.gnu.org/graphics/gplv3-127x51.png)](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.en.html)

Commit message:

update readme to address Samsung not working issue

README.md, after:

# Clipeus

Clipboard cleaner.

> [!WARNING]
> It may not work on Samsung. For some reason Samsung doesn't clean clipboard on api call.

[<img
     src="https://fdroid.gitlab.io/artwork/badge/get-it-on.png"
     alt="Get it on F-Droid"
     height="80">](https://f-droid.org/packages/me.lucky.clipeus/)
[<img
      src="https://play.google.com/intl/en_us/badges/images/generic/en-play-badge.png"
      alt="Get it on Google Play"
      height="80">](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=me.lucky.clipeus)

<img 
     src="fastlane/metadata/android/en-US/images/phoneScreenshots/1.png" 
     width="30%" 
     height="30%">

Tiny app to clean clipboard.

No UI. Click on the app icon to clean clipboard. 
Also you can grant device & app notifications permission to clean clipboard automatically on 
screen off event (long tap on the app icon).

## Permissions

* NOTIFICATION_LISTENER - receive screen off events (optional)

## Related

* [ClipboardCleaner](https://github.com/DeweyReed/ClipboardCleaner)
* [ClipeusX](https://github.com/x13a/ClipeusX)
* [MemoryGuardian](https://github.com/hashemi-hossein/memory-guardian)

## Localization

[<img
height="51"
src="https://badges.crowdin.net/badge/dark/crowdin-on-light@2x.png"
alt="Crowdin">](https://crowdin.com/project/me-lucky-clipeus)

## License

[![GNU GPLv3 Image](https://www.gnu.org/graphics/gplv3-127x51.png)](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.en.html)
